
Warning:

The "wp-missed-scheduled-posts" plugin
hosted in the wordpress.org repository,
is an unauthorized copy, with the cloned code,
and with malformed transients inside it,
on violation of WordPress Detailed Plugin Guidelines:

https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-org/detailed-plugin-guidelines/

 2. Plugin developers are responsible for the files they upload and services they utilize.
    - It is the sole responsibility of the plugin developer to ensure all files within their plugins comply with the guidelines.
    - They are expected to confirm, before uploading to SVN, the licensing of all included files, from original source code.

 9. The plugin and its developers must not do anything illegal, dishonest, or morally offensive.
    - Developers, and companies abusing the freedoms and rights of end users as well as other plugin developers.
    - Taking other developers plugins and presenting them as original work.
        - composer.json manipulation, with false informations and declarations.
        - sockpuppeting because none of the declared creators, authors, or contributors, have, or is, really creators, authors,
          or contributors of the original project.
        - More authors, and contributors, was declared, for confusing the real responsibility.

16. A complete plugin must be available at the time of submitting the plugin request to the directory.
    - The project on github, for submitting the plugin request, is already a fork of other fake authors and contributors.
        - The authors and contributors used on gitub project, for submitting the plugin request, are not the same authors and
          contributors declared on readme.txt

17. Respect trademarks and projects.
    - Multiple violations use of trademarks to other projects on plugin name and plugin slug.
        - GPL violation because original plugin is declared as GPLv3 and not GPLv2: Licensing downgrade is not permitted on GPL.

The "wp-missed-scheduled-posts" plugin
hosted in the wordpress.org repository,
it is not a substitute, legitimate, and legal,
of the original "wp-missed-schedule" plugin,
which continues to be developed,
and updated regularly, monthly,
exclusively on the github.com platform,
by this same team that created it 18 years ago!

Another serious problem is that this copy cloned,
in violation of gpl, which is different from the original plugin,
and for this reason has not been publicly declared,
but was obfuscated, in violation of the same,
and internal rules of wordpress.org plugins,
omitting also the statement of the original authors,
who have created it, and who are developing it regularly,
and actively, monthly, releasing all the necessary updates.

Its use, therefore, is not legitimate, and is very dangerous!

This team has received many requests for assistance,
for irreparable and irreversible damage caused to datadases,
due to the installation of this bad cloned plugin,
hosted in the wordpress.org plugin directory.

The slangjis team has written several times,
to the abuse of wordpress.org plugins,
but, to date, ipstenu, wp plugins manager,
rejected all requests for explanations,
without valid, or public reasons,
instead he accepted,
in the repository he manages,
and of which he is manager,
this cloned copy of the original plugin,
without performing any verification, or investigation, about,
violating herself, and her team,
the same rules, and the same regulations,
which they have applied,
and claim that they are respected:
just a good example for everyone!

For these reasons, this team,
has opened a legal dossier,
for this discriminating violation,
not really motivated, by technical causes,
and that the original plugin,
had 100.000+ active installations,
and 300.000+ dowloads.

This team,
he also wrote directly to matt mullenweg,
in September 2017,
informing him of this situation,
and this strange position,
against this team,
but no response has yet been received.



